You despicable bitch, I should have realized it with you, they ruined my family.
Let go of me old creep, get your hands off of me.
Give it to me.
Me dollars, that's what you owe me.
A million?
Are you insane?
I want my money.
Within a day.
I promise.
I said it relax.
What do you want from me?
I know the truth about Lily's death.
Do you have any idea what you're talking about?
Stop trying to intimidate me with your savages.
And you're mean, and I'll tell you.
You're Nina's father.
How do I know you're not just trying to clear her name?
I don't care about Nina at home.
Everything you want to know, right here, paying you the money and it's all yours.
Follow him, and get the recorder.